fix: change url builder, add @ prefix for files (#34)
salesforcecli/plugin-api: messages/rest.md

- List information about limits in the org with alias "my-org":

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> 'services/data/v56.0/limits' --target-org my-org

- List all endpoints in your default org; write the output to a file called "output.txt" and include the HTTP response status and headers:

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> '/services/data/v56.0/' --stream-to-file output.txt --include

- Get the response in XML format by specifying the "Accept" HTTP header:

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> '/services/data/v56.0/limits' --header 'Accept: application/xml'

- Create an account record using the POST method; specify the request details directly in the "--body" flag:

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> /services/data/v56.0/sobjects/account --body "{\"Name\" : \"Account from REST API\",\"ShippingCity\" : \"Boise\"}" --method POST

- Create an account record using the information in a file called "info.json" (note the @ prefixing the file name):

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> '/services/data/v56.0/sobjects/account' --body @info.json --method POST

- Update an account record using the PATCH method:

>   <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> '/services/data/v56.0/sobjects/account/<Account ID>' --body "{\"BillingCity\": \"San Francisco\"}" -X PATCH

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> '/services/data/v56.0/sobjects/account/<Account ID>' --body "{\"BillingCity\": \"San Francisco\"}" --method PATCH
```

# flags.body.summary

> File or content for the body of the HTTP request. Specify "-" to read from standard input or "" for an empty body. If passing a file, prefix it with '@' like CURL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File or content for the body of the HTTP request. Specify "-" to read from standard input or "" for an empty body. If passing a file, prefix it with '@', similar to --data flag of curl. 
```

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention curl.  Especially because there's an example, and you added the note.
